Introducing NGCF PAS and LGCN PAS AND (CONCLUSION) (#66)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/conclusion.tex

\section{Conclusion}
In this research paper we investigated some state-of-the-art GCN recommendation methods for collaborative filtering.

> We focused on LightGCN, Neural Graph Collaborative Filtering, and Price-aware Recommendation, where we described differences in the construction of the adjacency matrix and the differences in the construction of the embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We focused on LightGCN, Neural Graph Collaborative Filtering, and Price-aware Recommendation, where we described differences in the construction of the adjacency matrices and the differences in the construction of the embeddings.
```

\\
One of our early hypotheses was that by simply changing the input we could achieve a higher precision.
Inspired by the PUP method we extended the LightGCN and NGCF methods with price and category as additional side information.
The methods were changed to test the effect of price and category as input values.
This showed that only adding this data to the adjacency matrices was not sufficient to increase the performance of these methods and actually made them perform worse.
\\
We conducted experiments which showed that LightGCN outperforms other methods such as Price-aware recommendation and NGCF.

> However, the extensions LightGCN- and NGCF-PAS showed that NGCF is better suited for handling semantic representations, where LightGCN currently does not handle additional side information well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the extensions LightGCN- and NGCF-PAS showed that NGCF is better suited for handling aditional side information, where LightGCN currently does not handle additional side information well.
```
